Updated bug reporting process on FAQ and Contribute pages (#281)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/Contribute.md

---
# Contributing to the AlmaLinux project

## Help with reporting bugs and making fixes

> Since AlmaLinux is a 1:1 binary compatible with RHEL, it should have the same bugs as the current release of RHEL. AlmaLinux, as a downstream of RHEL, recommends following an "upstream first" approach in order to help not just the AlmaLinux but the whole EL community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since AlmaLinux aims to be as close to RHEL as possible, it should have nearly identical bugs as the current release of RHEL. AlmaLinux recommends following an "upstream first" approach in order to help not just the AlmaLinux but the whole EL community:
```

* Try to reproduce the steps and check whether the bug is present in CentOS Stream or has been already fixed.

> * If present, it means that the bug is upstream. Please, submit the bug to [CentOS Stream bugzilla](https://wiki.centos.org/ReportBugs) providing all the necessary information about an issue and reproducing steps. This is the contribution path to get the bug fix into RHEL, which will, in turn, be rebuilt into AlmaLinux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If present, it means that the bug is upstream. Please, submit the bug to [CentOS Stream bugzilla](https://wiki.centos.org/ReportBugs) providing all the necessary information about an issue and reproducing steps. This is the contribution path to get the bug fix into the upstream, which will, in turn, be built into AlmaLinux.
```

Author: LGTM
